update doc for explain analyze (#4071)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-explain-analyze.md

## EXPLAIN ANALYZE output format

> `EXPLAIN ANALYZE` is an extension to `EXPLAIN` where the corresponding SQL statement is executed and runtime information is collected. The runtime information can be compared to the statistics from `EXPLAIN` in order to debug query execution. Compared to `EXPLAIN`, the return results of `EXPLAIN ANALYZE` include columns of information such as `actRows`, `execution info`, `memory`, and `disk`. The details of these columns are shown as follows:

Reviewer: I doubt this change from the original version has any additional information. Suggest changing it back.
```suggestion
Different from `EXPLAIN`, `EXPLAIN ANALYZE` executes the corresponding SQL statement, records its runtime information, and returns the information together with the execution plan. Therefore, you can regard `EXPLAIN ANALYZE` as an extension of the `EXPLAIN` statement. Compared to `EXPLAIN` (for debugging query exeuction), the return results of `EXPLAIN ANALYZE` also include columns of information such as `actRows`, `execution info`, `memory`, and `disk`. The details of these columns are shown as follows:
```

### Point_Get

The execution information from a `Point_Get` operator will typically contain the following information:

- `Get:{num_rpc:1, total_time:697.051µs}`: The number of the `Get` RPC requests (`num_rpc`) sent to TiKV and the total duration (`total_time`) of all RPC requests.
- `ResolveLock:{num_rpc:1, total_time:12.117495ms}`: If TiDB encounters a lock when reading data, it has to resolve the lock first, which generally occurs in the scenario of read-write conflict. This information indicates the duration of resolving locks.
- `regionMiss_backoff:{num:11, total_time:2010 ms},tikvRPC_backoff:{num:11, total_time:10691 ms}`: When an RPC request fails, TiDB will wait the backoff time before retrying the request. Backoff statistics include the type of backoff (such as `regionMiss` and `tikvRPC`), the total waiting time (`total_time`), and the total number of backoffs (`num`).

### Batch_Point_Get

The execution information of the `Batch_Point_Get` operator is similar to that of the `Point_Get` operator, but `Batch_Point_Get` generally sends `BatchGet` RPC requests to TiKV to read data.

> - `BatchGet:{num_rpc:2, total_time:83.13µs}`: The number of RPC requests (`num_rpc`) of type `BatchGet` sent to TiKV and the total time consumed (`total_time`) for all RPC requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BatchGet:{num_rpc:2, total_time:83.13µs}`: The number of RPC requests (`num_rpc`) of the `BatchGet` type sent to TiKV and the total time consumed (`total_time`) for all RPC requests.
```

### TableReader

The execution information of a `TableReader` operator is typically as follows:

```
cop_task: {num: 6, max: 1.07587ms, min: 844.312µs, avg: 919.601µs, p95: 1.07587ms, max_proc_keys: 16, p95_proc_keys: 16, tot_proc: 1ms, tot_wait: 1ms, rpc_num: 6, rpc_time: 5.313996 ms, copr_cache_hit_ratio: 0.00}
```

- `cop_task`: Contains the execution information of `cop` tasks. For example:

>     - `num`: the number of cop tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `num`: The number of cop tasks.
```

>     - `max`, `min`, `avg`, `p95`: the maximum, minimum, average and P95 value of the execution time consumed for executing cop tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `max`, `min`, `avg`, `p95`: The maximum, minimum, average, and P95 values of the execution time consumed for executing cop tasks.
```

    - `max_proc_keys` and `p95_proc_keys`: The maximum and P95 key-values scanned by TiKV in all cop tasks. If the difference between the maximum value and the P95 value is large, the data distribution might be imbalanced.
    - `rpc_num`, `rpc_time`: The total number and total time consumed for `Cop` RPC requests sent to TiKV.
    - `copr_cache_hit_ratio`: The hit rate of Coprocessor Cache for `cop` task requests. See [Coprocessor Cache Configuration](/tidb-configuration-file.md) for details.
- `backoff`: Contains different types of backoff and the total waiting time of backoff.

### Insert

The execution information of an `Insert` operator is typically as follows:

```
prepare:109.616µs, check_insert:{total_time:1.431678ms, mem_insert_time:667.878µs, prefetch:763.8µs, rpc:{BatchGet:{num_rpc:1, total_time:699.166µs},Get:{num_rpc:1, total_time:378.276µs }}}
```

- `prepare`: The time consumed for preparing to write, including expression, default value and auto-increment value calculations.

> - `check_insert`: This information generally appears in `insert ignore` and `insert on duplicate` statements, it including conflict checking and time consumed for writing to TiDB transaction cache. Note that this time consumed does not include the time consumed for transaction commit. It contains the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `check_insert`: This information generally appears in `insert ignore` and `insert on duplicate` statements, including conflict checking and the time consumed for writing data to TiDB transaction cache. Note that this time consumption does not include the time consumed for transaction commit. It contains the following information:
```

>     - `total_time`: the total time spent in the `check_insert` step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `total_time`: the total time spent on the `check_insert` step.
```

>     - `total_time`: the total time spent on the `check_insert` step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `total_time`: The total time spent on the `check_insert` step.
```

    - `mem_insert_time`: The time consumed for writing data to the TiDB transaction cache.
    - `prefetch`: The duration of retrieving the data that needs to be checked for conflicts from TiKV. This step sends a `Batch_Get` RPC request to TiKV to retrieve data.
    - `rpc`: The total time consumed for sending RPC requests to TiKV, which generally includes two types of RPC time, `BatchGet` and `Get`, among which:
        - `BatchGet` RPC request is sent in the `prefetch` step.
        - `Get` RPC request is sent when the `insert on duplicate` statement executes `duplicate update`.
- `backoff`: Contains different types of backoff and the total waiting time of backoff.

### IndexJoin

> The `IndexJoin` operator has 1 outer worker and N inner workers for concurrent execution. The join result preserves the order of the outer table and supports batch lookup. The detailed execution process is as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
The `IndexJoin` operator has 1 outer worker and N inner workers for concurrent execution. The join result preserves the order of the outer table. The detailed execution process is as follows:
```

1. The outer worker reads N outer rows, then wraps it into a task, and sends it to the result channel and the inner worker channel.

> 2. The inner worker receives the task, reads key ranges from outer rows, and fetches inner rows. It then builds the inner row hash map.

Author: ```suggestion
2. The inner worker receives the task, build key ranges from the task, and fetches inner rows according to the key ranges. It then builds the inner row hash map.
```

3. The main `IndexJoin`  thread receives the task from the result channel and waits for the inner worker to finish handling the task.
4. The main `IndexJoin` thread joins each outer row by looking up to the inner rows' hash map.

The `IndexJoin` operator contains the following execution information:

```
inner:{total:4.297515932s, concurrency:5, task:17, construct:97.96291ms, fetch:4.164310088s, build:35.219574ms}, probe:53.574945ms
```

> - `Inner`: the execution information of inner worker:
>     - `total`: the total time consumed by the inner worker.
>     - `concurrency`: the number of concurrent inner workers.
>     - `task`: The total number of tasks processed by the inner worker.
>     - `construct`: the preparation time before the inner worker reads the inner table rows corresponding to the task.
>     - `fetch`: The total time consumed for it takes for the inner worker to read inner table rows.
>     - `Build`: The total time consumed for it takes for the inner worker to construct the hash map of the corresponding inner table rows.
> - `probe`: the total time consumed by the main `IndexJoin` thread to perform join operations with the hash map of the outer table rows and the inner table rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Inner`: The execution information of inner worker:
    - `total`: The total time consumed by the inner worker.
    - `concurrency`: The number of concurrent inner workers.
    - `task`: The total number of tasks processed by the inner worker.
    - `construct`: The preparation time before the inner worker reads the inner table rows corresponding to the task.
    - `fetch`: The total time consumed for it takes for the inner worker to read inner table rows.
    - `Build`: The total time consumed for it takes for the inner worker to construct the hash map of the corresponding inner table rows.
- `probe`: The total time consumed by the main `IndexJoin` thread to perform join operations with the hash map of the outer table rows and the inner table rows.
```

### IndexHashJoin

The execution process of the `IndexHashJoin` operator is similar to that of the `IndexJoin` operator. `IndexHashJoin` operator also has 1 outer worker and N inner workers to execute in parallel, but the output order is not guaranteed to be consistent with that of the outer table. The detailed execution process is as follows:

1. The outer worker reads N outer rows, builds a task, and sends it to the inner worker channel.
2. The inner worker receives the tasks from the inner worker channel and performs the following three operations in order for every task:

>    a. builds hash table from the outer rows
>    b. builds key ranges from outer rows and fetches inner rows
>    c. probes the hash table and sends the join result to the result channel. Note: step a and step b are running concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a. Build a hash table from the outer rows
   b. Build key ranges from outer rows and fetches inner rows
   c. Probe the hash table and sends the join result to the result channel. Note: step a and step b are running concurrently.
```

3. The main thread of `IndexHashJoin` receives the join results from the result channel.

The `IndexHashJoin` operator contains the following execution information:

```sql
inner:{total:4.429220003s, concurrency:5, task:17, construct:96.207725ms, fetch:4.239324006s, build:24.567801ms, join:93.607362ms}
```

- `Inner`: the execution information of inner worker:
    - `total`: the total time consumed by the inner worker.
    - `concurrency`: the number of inner workers.
    - `task`: The total number of tasks processed by the inner worker.

>     - `construct`: the preparation time before the inner worker reads the inner table rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `construct`: The preparation time before the inner worker reads the inner table rows.
```

    - `fetch`: The total time consumed for inner worker to read inner table rows.
    - `Build`: The total time consumed for inner worker to construct the hash map of the outer table rows.
    - `join`:  The total time consumed for inner worker to do join with the inner table rows and the hash map of outer table rows.

### HashJoin

The `HashJoin` operator has an inner worker, an outer worker, and N join workers. The detailed execution process is as follows:

1. The inner worker reads inner table rows and constructs a hash map.
2. The outer worker reads the outer table rows, then wraps it into a task and sends it to the join worker.

> 3. Wait for the hash map construction in step 1 to finish.

Reviewer: 这里有主语吗

Author: The join worker

> 3. The join worker Wait for the hash table construction in step 1 to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The join worker waits for the hash table construction in step 1 to finish.
```

    - `mem_insert_time`: The time-consuming of writing data to the TiDB transaction cache.
    - `prefetch`: The time-consumed retrieving data that needs to be checked for conflicts from TiKV. This step is mainly to send a `Batch_Get` RPC request to TiKV to retrieve data.
    - `rpc`: The total time-consuming of sending RPC requests to TiKV, which generally includes two types of RPC time, `BatchGet` and `Get`, among which:
        - `BatchGet` RPC request is sent by the `prefetch` step.
        - `Get` RPC request is sent by `insert on duplicate` statement when executing `duplicate update` step.
- `backoff`: Contains different types of backoff and total backoff waiting time.

### IndexJoin

The `IndexJoin` operator has 1 outer worker and N inner workers to executed in parallel. The join result preserves the order of the outer table and support batch lookup. The specific execution process is as follows:

1. The outer worker reads N outer rows, builds a task and sends it to the result channel and inner worker channel.
2. The inner worker receives the task, builds key ranges from outer rows, and fetch inner rows. It then builds the inner row hash map.

> 3. The main thread receives the task, waits for the inner worker to finish handling the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The main thread receives the task and waits for the inner worker to finish handling the task.
```

> 4. The main thread joins each outer row by look up to the inner rows hash map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The main thread joins each outer row by looking up to the inner rows' hash map.
```

    - `total`: the total time-consuming by the inner worker.
    - `concurrency`: the number of parallel execution inner workers.
    - `task`: The total number of tasks processed by the inner worker.
    - `construct`: the preparation time before the inner worker reads the inner table rows corresponding to the task.
    - `fetch`: The total time-consuming it takes for the inner worker to read inner table rows.
    - `Build`: The total time-consuming it takes for the inner worker to construct the hash map of the corresponding inner table rows.
- `probe`: the total time consumed by the main thread of `IndexJoin` to do join with the outer table rows and the hash map of inner table rows.

### IndexHashJoin

The execution process of the `IndexHashJoin` operator is similar to the `IndexJoin` operator. `IndexHashJoin` operator also has 1 outer worker and N inner workers to executed in parallel, but the output order is not promised. The specific execution process is as follows:

1. The outer worker reads N outer rows, builds a task and sends it to the
inner worker channel.
2. The inner worker receives the tasks and does 3 things for every task:

>    a. builds hash table from the outer rows

Author: both use `hash table` now.

>    b. builds key ranges from outer rows and fetches inner rows

Author: address in `docs-cn`.

3. The main thread of `IndexHashJoin`  receives the join results from the result channel.

The `IndexHashJoin` operator contains the following execution information:

```sql
inner:{total:4.429220003s, concurrency:5, task:17, construct:96.207725ms, fetch:4.239324006s, build:24.567801ms, join:93.607362ms}
```

- `Inner`: the execution information of inner worker:
    - `total`: the total time-consuming by the inner worker.
    - `concurrency`: the number of inner workers.
    - `task`: The total number of tasks processed by the inner worker.
    - `construct`: the prepare time before the inner worker reads the inner table rows.
    - `fetch`: The total time-consuming of inner worker to read inner table rows.
    - `Build`: The total time-consuming of inner worker to construct the hash map of the outer table rows.
    - `join`:  The total time-consuming of inner worker to do join with the inner table rows and the hash map of outer table rows.

### HashJoin

The `HashJoin` operator has an inner worker, an outer worker and N join workers. The specific execution process is as follows:

1. The inner worker reads inner table rows and constructs a hash map.

> 2. The outer worker reads the outer table rows, then wraps it into a task and sends it to the join worker.

Author: already both use `wraps it into a task`.

3. Wait for the completion of the hash map construction in step 1.
4. The join worker uses the outer table rows and hash map in the task to do join, and then sends the join result to the result channel.
5. The main thread of `HashJoin` receives the join result from the result channel.

The `HashJoin` operator contains the following execution information:

```
build_hash_table:{total:146.071334ms, fetch:110.338509ms, build:35.732825ms}, probe:{concurrency:5, total:857.162518ms, max:171.48271ms, probe:125.341665ms, fetch:731.820853ms}
```

- `build_hash_table`: Read the data of the inner table and construct the execution information of the hash map:
    - `total`: total time spent.
    - `fetch`: The total time spent reading inner table data.
    - `build`: The total time spent constructing a hash map.

> - `probe`: execution information of join worker:
>     - `concurrency`: the number of join workers.
>     - `total`: the total time consumed by all join workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `probe`: The execution information of join workers:
    - `concurrency`: The number of join workers.
    - `total`: The total time consumed by all join workers.
```

>     - `max`: The maximum time for a single join worker to execute.
>     - `probe`: The total time consumed for joining with outer table rows and hash map.
>     - `fetch`: The total time that the join worker waits to read the outer table rows data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `max`: The longest time for a single join worker to execute.
    - `probe`: The total time consumed for joining with outer table rows and the hash map.
    - `fetch`: The total time that the join worker waits to read the outer table rows data.
```

> ## Other execution info
> 

Reviewer: The docs-cn PR does not have this title. To me, it's not necessary.
```suggestion
```

### lock_keys execution information

> When executing a DML statement in a pessimistic transaction, the execution information of the operator may also include the execution information of `lock_keys`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a DML statement is executed in a pessimistic transaction, the execution information of the operator might also include the execution information of `lock_keys`. For example:
```

```
lock_keys: {time:94.096168ms, region:6, keys:8, lock_rpc:274.503214ms, rpc_count:6}
```

> - `time`: The total time to execute the `lock_keys` operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `time`: The total duration of executing the `lock_keys` operation.
```

> - `region`: The number of regions involved in executing the `lock_keys` operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `region`: The number of Regions involved in executing the `lock_keys` operation.
```

> - `keys`: The number of `Key` that need `Lock`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `keys`: The number of `Key`s that need `Lock`.
```

> - `lock_rpc`: The total time spent sending a RPC of type `Lock` to TiKV. Because multiple RPC requests can be sent in parallel, the total RPC time-consuming may be greater than the total time-consuming `lock_keys` operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `lock_rpc`: The total time spent sending an RPC request of the `Lock` type to TiKV. Because multiple RPC requests can be sent in parallel, the total RPC time consumption might be greater than the total time consumption of the `lock_keys` operation.
```

> - `rpc_count`: The total number of RPCs of `Lock` type sent to TiKV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rpc_count`: The total number of RPC requests of the `Lock` type sent to TiKV.
```

### commit_txn execution information

> When executing a write-type DML statement in a transaction with `autocommit=1`, the execution information of the write operator will also include the time-consuming information of the transaction commit. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a write-type DML statement is executed in a transaction with `autocommit=1`, the execution information of the write operator will also include the duration information of the transaction commit. For example:
```

```
commit_txn: {prewrite:48.564544ms, wait_prewrite_binlog:47.821579, get_commit_ts:4.277455ms, commit:50.431774ms, region_num:7, write_keys:16, write_byte:536}
```

- `prewrite`: The time-consuming of the `prewrite` phase of the 2PC commit of the transaction.
- `wait_prewrite_binlog:`: The time-consuming of waiting to write the prewrite Binlog.
- `get_commit_ts`: The time-consuming of getting the transaction commit timestamp.

> - `commit`: The time-consuming in the `commit` phase during the 2PC commit of the transaction.

Reviewer: Please batch update `time-consuming`.

- `write_keys`: The total `keys` written in the transaction.

> - `write_byte`: The total bytes of `key/value` writtten in the transaction, the unit is byte.

Reviewer: `/` means `OR`. Is `OR` what you mean here?
```suggestion
- `write_byte`: The total bytes of `key-value` written in the transaction, and the unit is byte.
```

| └─TableFullScan_4 | 13.00   | 13      | cop[tikv] | table:t1      | proc max:0s, min:0s, p80:0s, p95:0s, iters:4, tasks:4                                                                                                                                                           | keep order:false, stats:pseudo | N/A       | N/A  |
+-------------------+---------+---------+-----------+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------+-----------+------+
2 rows in set (0.00 sec)
```

## Operator Execution info

In addition to basic `time` and `loop` execution information, ʻexecution info` also contains operator-specific execution information, which mainly includes the time-consuming information of the operator sending RPC and other steps.

### Point_Get

> The `Point_get` operator may contain the following execution information:

Author: ```suggestion
The execution information from a `Point_Get` operator will typically contain the following:
```

- `Get:{num_rpc:1, total_time:697.051µs}`: The number of RPC requests (`num_rpc`) of type `Get` sent to TiKV and the total time-consuming(`total_time`) of all RPC requests.
- `ResolveLock:{num_rpc:1, total_time:12.117495ms}`: When reading data encounters a lock, TiDB has to resolve lock first before reading data. Generally, it will appear in the scene of read-write conflict.
- `regionMiss_backoff:{num:11, total_time:2010 ms},tikvRPC_backoff:{num:11, total_time:10691 ms}`: When an RPC request fails, TiDB will wait the backoff time before retrying. Backoff statistics include the type of backoff (such as `regionMiss`, `tikvRPC`), the total time waiting (`total_time`) and the total number of backoffs (`num`).

### Batch_Point_Get

> The execution information of the `Batch_Point_Get` operator is similar to the `Point_get` operator, but `Batch_Point_get` generally sends `BatchGet` RPC requests to TiKV to read the data.

Author: ```suggestion
The execution information of the `Batch_Point_Get` operator is similar to the `Point_Get` operator, but `Batch_Point_Get` generally sends `BatchGet` RPC requests to TiKV to read the data.
```

> The execution information of the `Batch_Point_Get` operator is similar to the `Point_get` operator, but `Batch_Point_get` generally sends `BatchGet` type RPC request to TiKV to read the data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The execution information of the `Batch_Point_Get` operator is similar to the `Point_get` operator, but `Batch_Point_get` generally sends `BatchGet` RPC requests to TiKV to read the data.
```

- `cop_task`: Contains the information about executing cop task, such as:
     - `num`: the number of cop tasks
     - `max`, `min`, ʻavg`, `p95`: the maximum, minimum, average and P95 value of the execution time-consuming of executing cop tasks.
     - `max_proc_keys`, `p95_proc_keys`: The maximum, P95 value of tikv scan key/value in all cop tasks. If the difference between max and p95 is large, the data distribution may be not balanced.
     - `rpc_num`, `rpc_time`: The total number and total time-consuming of `Cop` RPC requests sent to TiKV.
     - `copr_cache_hit_ratio`: Coprocessor Cache cache hit rate requested by cop task. [Coprocessor Cache Configuration](/tidb-configuration-file.md).
- `backoff`: Contains different types of backoff and total backoff waiting time.

### Insert

The ʻInsert` operator may contain the following execution information:

```
prepare:109.616µs, check_insert:{total_time:1.431678ms, mem_insert_time:667.878µs, prefetch:763.8µs, rpc:{BatchGet:{num_rpc:1, total_time:699.166µs},Get:{num_rpc:1, total_time:378.276µs }}}
```

- `prepare`: Time-consuming of preparing to write, including expression, default value and auto-increment value calculations, etc.

> - `check_insert`: This information generally appears in ʻinsert ignore` and ʻinsert on duplicate` statements, it including conflict checking and time-consuming writing to TiDB transaction cache. Note that this time-consuming does not include the time-consuming of transaction commit. It contains the following information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `check_insert`: This information generally appears in `insert ignore` and `insert on duplicate` statements. It includes statistics such as time spent conflict checking writing to the TiDB transaction cache. Note that the time does not include transaction commit. It contains the following information:
```

    - `total_time`: the total time spent in the `check_insert` step.
    - `mem_insert_time`: The time-consuming of writing data to the TiDB transaction cache.

>     - `prefetch`: The time-consuming of retrieve data that needs to be checked for conflicts from TiKV. This step is mainly to send a `Batch_Get` RPC request to TiKV to retrieve data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `prefetch`: The time-consumed retrieving data that needs to be checked for conflicts from TiKV. This step is mainly to send a `Batch_Get` RPC request to TiKV to retrieve data.
```

    - `rpc`: The total time-consuming of sending RPC requests to TiKV, which generally includes two types of RPC time, `BatchGet` and `Get`, among which:
        - `BatchGet` RPC request is sent by the `prefetch` step.

>         - `Get` RPC request is sent by ʻinsert on duplicate` statement when executing `duplicate update` step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - `Get` RPC request is sent by `insert on duplicate` statement when executing `duplicate update` step.
```

- `backoff`: Contains different types of backoff and total backoff waiting time.

### IndexJoin

> The ʻIndexJoin` operator has 1 outer worker and N inner workers to executed in parallel. The join result preserves the order of the outer table and support batch lookup. The specific execution process is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `IndexJoin` operator has 1 outer worker and N inner workers which are executed in parallel. The join result preserves the order of the outer table to support batch lookup. The specific execution process is as follows:
```

> 1. Outer worker read N outer rows, build a task and send it to result channel and inner worker channel.
> 2. The inner worker receives the task, builds key ranges from outer rows and fetch inner rows, builds inner row hash map.
> 3. main thread receives the task, waits for inner worker finish handling the task.
> 4. main thread join each outer row by look up the inner rows hash map in the task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The outer worker reads N outer rows, builds a task and sends it to the result channel and inner worker channel.
2. The inner worker receives the task, builds key ranges from outer rows, and fetch inner rows. It then builds the inner row hash map.
3. The main thread receives the task, waits for the inner worker to finish handling the task.
4. The main thread joins each outer row by look up to the inner rows hash map.
```

The ʻIndexJoin` operator contains the following execution information:

```
inner:{total:4.297515932s, concurrency:5, task:17, construct:97.96291ms, fetch:4.164310088s, build:35.219574ms}, probe:53.574945ms
```

- `Inner`: the execution information of inner worker:
    - total: the total time-consuming by the inner worker.
    - concurrency: the number of parallel execution inner workers.
    - task: The total number of tasks processed by the inner worker.
    - construct: the preparation time before the inner worker reads the inner table rows corresponding to the task.

>     - fetch: The total time-consuming it takes for inner worker to read inner table rows.
>     - Build: The total time-consuming it takes for inner worker to construct the hash map of the corresponding inner table rows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - fetch: The total time-consuming it takes for the inner worker to read table rows.
    - Build: The total time-consuming it takes for the inner worker to construct the hash map of the corresponding inner table rows.
```

-probe: the total time consumed by the main thread of `IndexJoin` to do join with the outer table rows and the hash map of inner table rows.

### IndexHashJoin

> The execution process of the ʻIndexHashJoin` operator is similar to the ʻIndexJoin` operator. `IndexHashJoin` operator also has 1 outer worker and N inner workers to executed in parallel, but the output order is not promised. The specific execution process is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The execution process of the `IndexHashJoin` operator is similar to the `IndexJoin` operator. `IndexHashJoin` operator also has 1 outer worker and N inner workers to executed in parallel, but the output order is not promised. The specific execution process is as follows:
```

> The execution process of the ʻIndexHashJoin` operator is similar to the ʻIndexJoin` operator. `IndexHashJoin` operator also has 1 outer worker and N inner workers to executed in parallel, but the output order is not promised. The specific execution process is as follows:

Author: I mean `execution process` here.

1. The outer worker reads N outer rows, builds a task and sends it to the
inner worker channel.
2. The inner worker receives the tasks and does 3 things for every task:
   a. builds hash table from the outer rows
   b. builds key ranges from outer rows and fetches inner rows
   c. probes the hash table and sends the join result to the result channel.

>    Note: step a and step b are running concurrently.

Reviewer 2: This is not rendering correctly in markdown.

3. The main thread of ʻIndexHashJoin`  receives the join results from the result channel.

> The ʻIndexHashJoin` operator contains the following execution information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `IndexHashJoin` operator contains the following execution information:
```

### HashJoin

The `HashJoin` operator has an inner worker, an outer worker and N join workers. The specific execution process is as follows:

1. The inner worker reads inner table rows and constructs a hash map.
2. The outer worker reads the outer table rows, then wraps it into a task and sends it to the join worker.
3. Wait for the completion of the hash map construction in step 1.
4. The join worker uses the outer table rows and hash map in the task to do join, and then sends the join result to the result channel.
5. The main thread of `HashJoin` receives the join result from the result channel.

The `HashJoin` operator contains the following execution information:

```
build_hash_table:{total:146.071334ms, fetch:110.338509ms, build:35.732825ms}, probe:{concurrency:5, total:857.162518ms, max:171.48271ms, probe:125.341665ms, fetch:731.820853ms}
```

- `build_hash_table`: Read the data of the inner table and construct the execution information of the hash map:
    - total: total time spent.
    - fetch: The total time spent reading inner table data.
    - build: The total time spent constructing a hash map.

> -probe: execution information of join worker:

Reviewer 2: This is not rendering correctly. I think it just needs a small change, but I can't easily preview just this:
```suggestion
- probe: execution information of join worker:
```
